add docs for verify-webhook action (#1031)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: traffic-policy/actions/verify-webhook/examples/basic-example.mdx

import ConfigExample from "/src/components/ConfigExample.tsx";

### Basic Example

> This example configuration sets up an endpoint (`gitlab-webhook-example.ngrok.io`) that receives webhook requests from GitLab. The **Verify Webhook** action checks if the request is authentic based on a shared secret. If verified, a custom response is sent back with a 200 status and a plain text confirmation message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configuration sets up an endpoint (`gitlab-webhook-example.ngrok.io`) that receives webhook requests from GitLab. The **Verify Webhook** action checks the authenticity of the request using a shared secret. If the request is verified, a custom response is sent back with a status `200 OK` and a plain text confirmation message.
```

#### Example Traffic Policy Document

<ConfigExample
	snippetText={null}
	showLineNumbers={true}
	jsonMetastring="{5-51}"
	yamlMetastring="{4-28}"
	config={{
		on_http_request: [
			{
				actions: [
					{
						type: "verify-webhook",
						config: {
							provider: "gitlab",
							secret: "secret!",
						},
					},
					{
						type: "custom-response",
						config: {
							status_code: 200,
							headers: { "content-type": "text/plain" },
							content: "GitLab webhook verified",
						},
					},
				],
			},
		],
	}}
/>

#### Start Endpoint with Traffic Policy

```shell
ngrok http 8080 --url gitlab-webhook-example.ngrok.io --traffic-policy-file /path/to/policy.yml
```

```shell
$ curl --location --request POST 'https://gitlab-webhook-example.ngrok.io/' \
--header 'X-Gitlab-Token: secret!'
> POST / HTTP/2
> Host: gitlab-webhook-example.ngrok.io
> User-Agent: curl/[version]
> Accept: */*
> X-Gitlab-Token: secret!
...
```

> This request will first be processed by the Verify Webhook action. If the GitLab webhook verification is successful, ngrok will return a 200 OK response with the message GitLab webhook verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request will first be processed by the Verify Webhook action. If the GitLab webhook verification is successful, ngrok will return a `200 OK` response with the message GitLab webhook verified.
```
